# LOTUSim Code of Conduct

The LOTUSim team and community is made up of a mixture of professionals and volunteers from all over the world, working on every aspect of the mission - including research, teaching, and connecting people.

Diversity is one of our huge strengths, but it can also lead to communication issues and discontentment. To that end, we have a few basic rules that we ask people to adhere to. This code applies equally to maintainers, contributors, and those seeking help and guidance. It applies to all kinds of communication, including discussions on GitHub (issue tracker, pull requests), LOTUSim maintainer meetings and any other forums created by the project team, which the community uses for communication.

- **Be friendly and patient.**
- **Be welcoming.** We strive to be a community that welcomes and supports people of all backgrounds and identities.
- **Be considerate.** Your work will be used by other people, and you in turn will depend on the work of others. Any decision you take will affect users and colleagues, and you should take those consequences into account when making decisions. Remember that we're a world-wide community, so you might not be communicating in someone else's primary language.
- **Be respectful.** Not all of us will agree all the time, but disagreement is no excuse for poor behaviour and poor manners. We might all experience some frustration now and then, but we cannot allow that frustration to turn into a personal attack. It's important to remember that a community where people feel uncomfortable or threatened is not a productive one. Members of the LOTUSim community should be respectful when dealing with other members as well as with people outside the LOTUSim community.
- **Be careful in the words that you choose.** We are a community of professionals, and we conduct ourselves professionally. Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down other participants. Harassment and other exclusionary behavior aren't acceptable. Treat others like you want to be treated.
- **When we disagree, try to understand why.** Disagreements, both social and technical, happen all the time and LOTUSim is no exception. It is important that we resolve disagreements and differing views constructively. Remember that we're different. The strength of LOTUSim comes from its varied community, people from a wide range of backgrounds. Different people have different perspectives on issues. Being unable to understand why someone holds a viewpoint doesn't mean that they're wrong. Don't forget that blaming each other doesn't get us anywhere. Instead, focus on helping to resolve issues and learning from mistakes.

Original text courtesy of the [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/conduct/) project.